Add extra info about address (#359)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/integrate-wallets/intro-to-wallets.mdx

## CKB Address

CKB address packages the [lock script](https://docs.nervos.org/docs/tech-explanation/glossary#lock-script) into a single line of verifiable and human-readable format, adhering to Bitcoin's [Bech32m address format (BIP-350)](https://github.com/sipa/bips/blob/bip-bech32m/bip-0350.mediawiki).

> CKB Address Format is an application level cell lock script display recommendation.
> Here is an exmaple: `ckb1qzda0cr08m85hc8jlnfp3zer7xulejywt49kt2rr0vthywaa50xwsqdnnw7qkdnnclfkg59uzn8umtfd2kwxceqxwquc4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CKB address format is an application-level Cell Lock Script display recommendation.
Here is an example: `ckb1qzda0cr08m85hc8jlnfp3zer7xulejywt49kt2rr0vthywaa50xwsqdnnw7qkdnnclfkg59uzn8umtfd2kwxceqxwquc4`.
```

> The lock script consists of three key parameters: `code_hash`, `hash_type`, and `args`. To decode the address and view the components and their attributes, use this tools: [CKB.tools/address](https://ckb.tools/).
> For detailed specifications, refer to ["Address"](https://docs.nervos.org/docs/tech-explanation/address) in the Tech Explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lock Script consists of 3 key parameters: `code_hash`, `hash_type`, and `args`. To decode the address and view the components and their attributes, use this tools: [CKB.tools/address](https://ckb.tools/).
For detailed specifications, refer to [CKB Address](/docs/tech-explanation/ckb-address) in the Tech Explanation.
```

:::note

> A single public-private key pair can generate multiple lock scripts, consequently multiple addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single public-private key pair can generate multiple Lock Scripts, consequently multiple addresses.
```
